School camp
Peppa and herfriends
are going on a school camp.
Madam gazelle, I don't feel very well.
The bus is very bumpy.
Oh, dear.
Pedro Pony is feeling a bit travel sick.
Poor pedro, come and sit
in the front with me.
There, is that better?
A little bit.
Madam gazelle.
Oh, do you feel sick too, Zoe?
I might feel sick later,
can I sit at front just in case?
Can I sit at the front too?
And me, me...
Oh, I'm sorry children;
you can't all sit at the front.
Oh!
Never mind,
we are at the camp side now.
Hooray!
Happy camping, everyone.
Bye-bye!
Ohoh, this is our camp side.
Breathe in the wonderful fresh air, children.
Excellent breathing!
Now let's put up ourtents.
Peppa and herfriends are
putting up theirtents.
Children, you must each find a partner
to share yourtent.
Suzy, shall we share a tent?
I said I'd share with Zoe.
Oh, sorry Suzy,
I said I'd share with Rebecca.
Rebecca, you said you'd share with me.
Oh, yes.
Emily, who you are going to share tent with?
Zoe!
Ok!
Good, now you can share with me.
OK!
Now I need sticks to make a campfire.
We'll get sticks.
But me and Pedro want to get sticks.
Haha, you can all collect sticks.
Peppa and herfriends collect sticks
for the camp fire.
Wonderful!
It is night-time.
Peppa and herfriends are
sitting around the camp fire.
Children, let us all sing a song.
Yes! The bing bong song, please.
Oh, I am not sure.
Please, Madam Gazelle,
sing the bing bong song.
All right.
Oh, we're playing a tune
and we're singing a song.
With a bing and a bong and a bing.
Bong bing boo, bing bong bing
Bing bong bingley bungley booooo
bong bing boo bing bong bing
Now, children, time for bed.
Good night, children.
Good night, Madam Gazelle.
Peppa and suzy are in theirsleeping bags.
I have got a torch.
Me too.
Attention, children.
No more giggling please.
What was that funny noise?
I don't know.
There it is again.
Suzy, where are you going?
Madam gazelle,
I am a bit scared.
Would you like to come in?
Yes, please.
Madam gazelle,
I think I am a bit scared too.
Can I come in, please?
Of course.
I think I might be scared later.
I might be scared later too.
And me...
Come in, everyone.
Can we have the bing bong song, please?
All right.
We are playing a tune and singing a
song with a bing and a bong and a bing.
Bong bing boo, bing bong bing
Bing bong bingley bungley booooo
bong bing boo bing bong bing